NO_COLOR environment variable support (#982)
ogham/exa: man/exa.1.md

Different terminals display icons differently, as they usually take up more than one character width on screen, so there’s no “standard” number of spaces that exa can use to separate an icon from text. One space may place the icon too close to the text, and two spaces may place it too far away. So the choice is left up to the user to configure depending on their terminal emulator.

## `NO_COLOR`

> Disables ANSI colour in the output (regardless of its value). Can be overridden by `--color` option.

Reviewer: I’m not sure that specifying «ANSI» is useful. Also, I think adding a link to the website would be nice.

```suggestion
Disables colours in the output (regardless of its value). Can be overridden by `--color` option. See https://no-color.org/.
```

Author: Thanks, I removed ANSI word. As for the link it was already included on the next line.
